README.md, before:

# Farlands
Factorio modpack

Additional mods that can't be included in this repository because of their file size:  
Color Coding: https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=144&t=13907  
  
The complete mod list (in alphabetical order):  
  
Additional Oil Refineries by IhanaMies (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=22922)  
Air Filtering by Schorty (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=7548)  
Angels Infinite Ores by Arch666Angel (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=21909&p=137842)  
Angels Refining by Arch666Angel (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=97&t=19652)  
Angels Processing by Arch666Angel (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=97&t=19652)  
Better Fluid Colors by Meppi (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=144&t=23284)  
Better Icons by Meppi (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=144&t=23287)  
Bob's mods by bobingsabout (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=51&t=13919)  
Bridge Railway by MrP123 (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=21370)  
Color Coding by d3phoenix (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=144&t=13907)  
Crafting Speed Research by Klonan (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=15555)  
EvoGUI by Narc (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=13837)  
ExtraChests by qjm123 (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=91&t=19970)  
F.A.R.L. by Choumiko (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=61&t=13553)  
The Fat Controller by Choumiko (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=4504)  
Fluid Void by Rseding91 (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=91&t=5412)  
Force Fields by Rseding91 (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=6862)  
GDIW - Gah!DarnItWater! by DaCyclops (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=15315)  
K&L Inserters by lyravega (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=21269)  
Landfill by Rseding91 (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?t=4973)  
Logistics Mining by Afforess (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=97&t=21868)  
Logistics Railway by Supercheese (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=21462)  
Map Labels by DonovanHawkins (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=22380)  
Minable Rock by Ranakastrasz (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=15991)  
Misanthrope by Afforess (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=97&t=17291)  
Nucular by Simdezimon (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=21676)  
Orbital Ion Cannon by Supercheese (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=17910)  
PandemoneusTweaks by Pandemoneus  
Player sensitive pressure plates by Dr. Walrus (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=18948)  
Rail Tanker by Choumiko (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=6847)  
Resource Spawner Overhaul by orzelek (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=79&t=13783)  
Science Overhaul Mod A.K.A Science Cost Tweaker by UberWaffe (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=91&t=14294)  
Smarter Circuitry by Kikkers (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=91&t=14824)  
SmartTrains by Choumiko (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=97&t=14432)  
StraightCars by ficolas  
Terraforming by MudRaker (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=15038)  
Train Stop Name Keeper by escherial (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=23595)  
Treefarm-Lite by Blu3wolf (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=44&t=19124)  
Treefarm-AC by Blu3wolf (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=44&t=19124)  
Warehousing by Anoyomouse (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=17295)

Commit message:

0.0.8
Replaced Color Coding with Color Coding (lite)
Added Mod Iconizer 1.2.1
Updated PandemoneusTweaks 0.0.2 -> 0.0.3
Updated ReadMe to reflect the mod changes

README.md, after:

# Farlands
Factorio modpack

This modpack focuses on Bob's mods and trains. RSO is used to spread the resources and encourage outposts. Angel's mods add more complexity to the ore processing chain.
  
The complete mod list (in alphabetical order):  
  
Additional Oil Refineries by IhanaMies (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=22922)  
Air Filtering by Schorty (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=7548)  
Angels Infinite Ores by Arch666Angel (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=21909&p=137842)  
Angels Refining by Arch666Angel (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=97&t=19652)  
Angels Processing by Arch666Angel (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=97&t=19652)  
Better Fluid Colors by Meppi (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=144&t=23284)  
Better Icons by Meppi (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=144&t=23287)  
Bob's mods by bobingsabout (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=51&t=13919)  
Bridge Railway by MrP123 (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=21370)  
Color Coding (lite) by d3phoenix (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=144&t=13907)  
Crafting Speed Research by Klonan (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=15555)  
EvoGUI by Narc (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=13837)  
ExtraChests by qjm123 (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=91&t=19970)  
F.A.R.L. by Choumiko (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=61&t=13553)  
The Fat Controller by Choumiko (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=4504)  
Fluid Void by Rseding91 (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=91&t=5412)  
Force Fields by Rseding91 (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=6862)  
GDIW - Gah!DarnItWater! by DaCyclops (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=15315)  
K&L Inserters by lyravega (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=21269)  
Landfill by Rseding91 (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?t=4973)  
Logistics Mining by Afforess (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=97&t=21868)  
Logistics Railway by Supercheese (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=21462)  
Map Labels by DonovanHawkins (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=22380)  
Mod Iconizer by Roktaal (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=23680)  
Minable Rock by Ranakastrasz (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=15991)  
Misanthrope by Afforess (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=97&t=17291)  
Nucular by Simdezimon (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=21676)  
Orbital Ion Cannon by Supercheese (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=17910)  
PandemoneusTweaks by Pandemoneus  
Player sensitive pressure plates by Dr. Walrus (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=18948)  
Rail Tanker by Choumiko (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=6847)  
Resource Spawner Overhaul by orzelek (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=79&t=13783)  
Science Overhaul Mod A.K.A Science Cost Tweaker by UberWaffe (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=91&t=14294)  
Smarter Circuitry by Kikkers (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=91&t=14824)  
SmartTrains by Choumiko (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=97&t=14432)  
StraightCars by ficolas  
Terraforming by MudRaker (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=15038)  
Train Stop Name Keeper by escherial (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=23595)  
Treefarm-Lite by Blu3wolf (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=44&t=19124)  
Treefarm-AC by Blu3wolf (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=44&t=19124)  
Warehousing by Anoyomouse (https://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=93&t=17295)
